Fix rtd for defining parameters as timeseries (#597)
rl-institut/multi-vector-simulator: docs/simulating_with_the_mvs.rst

   :widths: 70, 30, 50
   :header-rows: 1

The feature is tested with benchmark test `test_benchmark_feature_parameters_as_timeseries()`.

> Example input files, where at least one parameter is defined as a timeseries, be found here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example input files, where at least one parameter is defined as a time series, can be found here:
```

> Example input files, where at least one parameter is defined as a timeseries, be found here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example input files, where at least one parameter is defined as a time series, can be found here:
```
